# cms-json

A lightweight CMS loading and saving its data from/to a json file

## Install

    $ npm install -g cms-json

## Quick Start

    $ cms-json

Then open your browser at:

    http://localhost:3000

## Why do I need this?

In a small IT company, the question of how and by whom your website can be updated is a recurrent
one.

I have explored many solutions, from pure HTML sites controlled by the dev team, using fancy
web frameworks, to sites generated by the marketing/product team using pure wysiwyg tools like
Adobe Muse, not to mention heavy stuff like Wordpress or Drupal.

I finally came up with that very simple idea:

* The **Content** part of my site is stored as a JSON file
* It can be edited **by tech or non tech people** via a **very simple UI**
* It is embedded in the web site / web app by **developers**, and exploited **with the technology they like**
* It can be **stored in Git**, so that in case of conflicts, it can be solved as with any other source files
* Last but not least, it can be run as **an npm module**. No Apache, no nginx, no PHP, no database, just simplicity of use.

Although tons of CMS products exist on the market, I didn't find any one fulfilling the
constraints above.

## Release notes

This is a very first version. The UI needs some polishing but it works.

## Usage

```
Usage: cms-json {OPTIONS}

Standard Options:

    --model, -m    JSON model file.
                   Default is data/model.json.

    --data, -d     JSON data file.
                   Default is data/data.json.

    --port, -p     Server port.
                   Default is 3000.

```


## API

<a name="run"></a>

### run(modelFile, dataFile, port) ⇒ <code>\*</code>
Run an Express server embedding a simple UI for editing the content of the given dataFile.

**Kind**: global function  
**Returns**: <code>\*</code> - The express app  

| Param |
| --- |
| modelFile | 
| dataFile | 
| port | 

